Add Keycloak login settings management documentation (#58605)
mistercrunch/Airflow: contributing-docs/21_keycloak_client_settings.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

> Setting up Keycloak Client for Breeze

Reviewer: Maybe also mention the parameter `--integration keycloak` in breeze? That's very helpful. And actually when using it, do you do not need to configure anything, it comes out of the box

Author: It's worth mentioning, but since it is available in Breeze docs, I haven't mentioned it again the command.

```
breeze start-airflow --integration keycloak
```
There are a couple of things we need to do, even with the above command. It is not updating the auth manager in the cfg (which is required for CLI) or in the env var, which is making the API Server boot up with SAM. I need to specifically set these things from environment variables and afterwards from `airflow.cfg`, which is persistent across breeze environments. Creating the client is still manual. While creating, I have tried some possible scenarios while writing this document. I have tried doing next next while creating a client, which ended up `Invalid parameter: redirect_uri`. Afterwards, of course, you can set * for login/redirect or + for logout redirect makes of course everything open, but I set up the proper values generally

Author: Mentioned the integration command. We still need to make these things with Breeze if we really want to automate it. I think at the current scale it shouldn't be needed. If more contributors add code pieces to the provider, maybe we can spend more time on it :thinking:

Author: <img width="881" height="424" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/360560ab-8f34-4245-926c-7e9debe1527c" />
Default ones after running the `start-airflow`, which is giving `Invalid parameter: redirect_uri` as users got when they misconfigured their client settings

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
To fully work with Keycloak in local Airflow development with Breeze, you need to set up a Keycloak client.

> While creating client there is a section called ``Login Settings`` or after creation it is ``Access Settings``.

Reviewer: Maybe better?

```suggestion
To fully integrate Keycloak into local Airflow development with Breeze, you need to set up a Keycloak client. During client creation, the relevant section is called ``Login Settings``. After the client is created, this section is renamed to ``Access Settings``.
```
